내가 한참 고민을 하고있던 주제야 
It's a subject that I've been thinking about for a long time

1. Have you ever thought that you're absolute?
Is my idea absolute? 
Your idea is absolute
I'll bring it about absolute

2. Table of Contents

3. Absolute in the dictionary sense

4. Absolute dictionary definitions are qulified쿨리파이드, dimmed딤드, relative렐러티브, comparative컴패러티브

5.
Is this what I'm curious큐리어스 about? Really? Is there a word like this?
Do I have any thoughts? Is there an idea?

Does the word absolute need to exist for me 

because i thinks that everything is relative?

6. What is absolute.

7. There is no such thing as absolute. This is my idea
There is nothing absolute except exclude death and God.

That's why it's purple

For me, the color of death is purple
I think there is no life after death, and I have absolute faith페이쓰 in what God has decided.

8. Absolute views cannot come from people.
사진을 보면 사람이 엡솔루트를 보고 있습니다. 
If you look at the picture, a person is focus on  Epsolut.


9. This is the reason for ppt 8. People are very subjective.
I think everything that comes out of them is subjective

Isn't it the idea of ancestors and their parents?
Is my idea my idea.

I always have to objectify and doubt whether my thoughts are from the teacher or my friend

11 So the absolute view does not exist. That is my conclusion.

12. The Absolute Evil in Damien The Absolute Good

13. Emile Sinclair, the main character of Damien, worries about evil and good.

After seeing Damian's friend

14.

Actually, you don't need to  know what Damien is talking about I brint this line

The subject that I thought about after reading Damien, does absolute evil and good exist?

15.
Historically, people have used this ideology.

Crusader wars and witch hunts are examples

This ideology is very inflammatory, very provocative, and it's good to talk without thinking.

16.
It's the algorithm that I think is good and evil, absolute and subjective.
Absolute? Subjective? Absolute? Subjective. Very interesting algorithm

People say they think objectively, 
but all of this is subjective. 
An algorithm of subjectivity and object tail biting.

17.
This is whether my thoughts are subjective or objective
Am I right or wrong?
It can grow with the idea of whether there is a God or not.

that's very asome